SQ-903: Audit DivBase with Claude (#94)
ScilifelabDataCentre/divbase: docs/user-guides/account-management.md

Once your project is created, you will be added as a member with the **Manage** role, which allows you to add and remove other members.

## Project roles and permissions

Each project member is assigned one of three roles. The table below shows what each role can do with the `divbase-cli`.

| CLI Command | Read | Edit | Manage |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `files ls` | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| `files download` / `files download-all` | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |

> | `task-history user` | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |

Author: Seems to be hallucination/reading error as their is only one "|" at start. The table displays well on mkdocs site, on GitHub and in vscode preview, so ignoring.

| `files upload` | | ✓ | ✓ |
| `query vcf` / `query tsv` | | ✓ | ✓ |
| `dimensions update` | | ✓ | ✓ |
| `version ls` | | ✓ | ✓ |
| `version add` / `version rm` | | ✓ | ✓ |
| `task-history project` | | | ✓ |
| Add / remove project members | | | ✓ |

!!! note
    Members management can be done by any project manager using the DivBase web interface, not `divbase-cli`.

## Adding members to a project

> Project members can be added by anyone with the **Manage** role on that project.

Reviewer: I see the benefits of including Add / remove project members  in this table, but it could confuse users into trying to find the CLI commands for it. The different font could be interpreted as a typo since it is only this line that uses that. 

I think a footnote that links the row to the note box would be useful:

```suggestion
| Add / remove project members <sup>1</sup>| | | ✓ |

!!! note
    <sup>1</sup> Members management can be done by any project manager using the DivBase web interface, not `divbase-cli`.
```

Author: good idea, I have added in commit c4109802186decd33741a513d45d9b7b3424db48
